(Doc+) troubleshoot ILM videos (#114528)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ilm/error-handling.asciidoc

If {ilm-init} cannot resolve the error automatically, execution is halted  
until you resolve the underlying issues with the policy, index, or cluster.

> See link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCIqkji3IwY[this video] 

Author: ```suggestion
See this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCIqkji3IwY[{ilm-init} health video] 
```

> for example troubleshooting walkthrough of {ilm-init} health.

Author: ```suggestion
for example troubleshooting walkthrough.
```

Do not explicitly configure this same alias in the aliases section of an index template.

> See link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww5POq4zZtY[this video] for example troubleshooting walkthrough.

Author: ```suggestion
See this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww5POq4zZtY[resolving `duplicate alias` video] for example troubleshooting walkthrough.
```

Check the `index.lifecycle.rollover_alias` <<indices-get-settings, index setting>>.
To see what aliases are configured, use <<cat-alias, _cat/aliases>>.

> See link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKSe67x7aw8[this video] for example troubleshooting walkthrough.

Author: ```suggestion
See this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKSe67x7aw8[resolving `not point to index` video] for an example troubleshooting walkthrough.
```

[discrete]
==== Setting [index.lifecycle.rollover_alias] for index [y] is empty or not defined

The `index.lifecycle.rollover_alias` setting must be configured for the rollover action to work.

Update the index settings to set `index.lifecycle.rollover_alias`.

> See link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRpMC2GS_FQ[this video] for example troubleshooting walkthrough.

Author: ```suggestion
See this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRpMC2GS_FQ[resolving `empty or not defined` video] for an example troubleshooting walkthrough.
```

[discrete]
==== Alias [x] has more than one write index [y,z]

Only one index can be designated as the write index for a particular alias.

Use the <<indices-aliases, aliases>> API to set `is_write_index:false` for all but one index.

> See link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCUvZCT5Hm4[this video] for example troubleshooting walkthrough.

Author: ```suggestion
See this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCUvZCT5Hm4[resolving `more than one write index` video] for an example troubleshooting walkthrough.
```

Append a numeric value to the index name, for example `my-index-000001`.

> See link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sp1zF6iL00[this video] for example troubleshooting walkthrough.

Author: ```suggestion
See this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sp1zF6iL00[resolving `does not match pattern` video] for an example troubleshooting walkthrough.
```

This indicates that the cluster is running out of disk space.
This can happen when you don't have {ilm} set up to roll over from hot to warm nodes.

> For more information, see <<fix-watermark-errors>>.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see <<fix-watermark-errors,Fix watermark errors>>.
```
